[OSDOCS-6134]: Moving AWS & GCP short term creds install procs (#60222)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_aws/installing-aws-customizations.adoc

include::modules/installation-obtaining-installer.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

//Supertask: Configuring an Amazon Web Services cluster to use short-term credentials
[id="installing-aws-with-short-term-creds_{context}"]

> == Optional: Configuring an Amazon Web Services cluster to use short-term credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Optional: Configuring an AWS cluster to use short-term credentials
```
Feel free to use the acronym here to save space.
